Accept invalid JWTs from testing SDK (#2071)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixes an auth issue with `https.onCall` functions when runtime options (`runWith`) are specified (#2059).

> * Fixed an issue with the Firestore emulator where ternary operators were not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue with the Cloud Firestore emulator where ternary operators were not allowed.
```
